Just a minute.
FRIENDS FOREVER REST IN PEACE
Hey, Chit.
Hi, Chang.
How are you?
Hi, Chit.
That's the wrong note. Higher.
Breathe using your diaphragm.
This is as far as I can help you.
The rest is up to you.
Professor, this is my friend, Chit.
Chit, this is Professor Winai.
Afternoon, sir.
He wants to talk
about the brass instruments.
Oh, yes, come on in.
Thank you.
-Let's take a look.
-Here it is.
Well…
I heard a student playing on the trumpet
and the sound quality wasn't that clear.
I would like to recommend this one.
You're from Yamaha?
Yes, sir.
Chang?
I talked to Prame yesterday.
Oh, really?
I thought you were
from a different company.
I can't help you.
I'm about to place an order with Prame.
Hi, Mom.
Hi, Chit. Have you eaten yet?
Yes, Mom.
Good. So what are you doing?
I’m on my way home. I’m almost there.
When you get there, try to rest, okay?
Yes, Mom. There's no need to worry.
Are you coming home
for the Songkran holidays?
Everyone is asking about you.
I don’t know
if I can clear my work in time.
I might need to do overtime.
Everyone is very busy this time of year.
Promotions are coming up.
I might have the chance
to become a supervisor.
Isn't that good?
Oh? That would be great.
But I’m sure I can come home
for a couple of days.
That’s good, son.
If work is getting tough
then come home and relax.
It worries me seeing you work so hard.
If Bangkok is too hectic then come home.
Yes, Mom.
We may not be wealthy,
but we'll be close.
We can take care of each other.
Yes, Mom. But don’t worry.
Everything is coming along fine.
That's wonderful, son.
And Maew, how is she doing?
If you’re coming home, bring her along.
She’s a famous singer now.
Has she’s forgotten me?
Please tell her that we all miss her.
I will, Mom.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
"FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS" - PHUCHIT
IN LOVE TO THE DREAMS…
Sign here, please.
What's this?
You’ve missed
over three months of payments.
Didn't you read the notices we sent?
Sign here, too.
Thank you.
I'll need your keys too.
-Hey, come stand here.
-Oh Tong! Hello!
Don't get stuck in the middle.
Why are you taking the bus?
Need a change in scenery?
Um, no.
Hey, I brought your CD.
But why?
Don't you like the songs?
Don't you want the CD?
No, it's not like that.
You won't have to make
another copy to give to a studio.
It'll save you some cash.
I gave up that idea a long time ago.
Go ahead, keep it.
What record company would want these?
I think your music is much better
than a lot of stuff nowadays.
You’re just saying that.
Seriously.
Why don’t you give yourself a chance?
Honestly, this internship is killing me.
They use me like a full employee.
So? Quit. Get the hell out.
Are you crazy? My dad would kill me.
You don't graduate in computers
to become a musician.
Oh, so you want it like this then?
When is Somboon taking us
for our bonus dinner?
I have no idea.
Is Somboon choosing the restaurant?
Why doesn't he let Prame do it?
The person with the best sales record
should choose.
Exactly, if it wasn’t for Prame's sales,
we wouldn’t even be getting a bonus.
Yeah, that's true.
-Prem, do you know how much the bonus is?
-Phuchit, is something bothering you?
Oh, oh, nothing.
Okay then, I’d better get to work.
Okay.
Hey, Prame?
Oh, Chit. What's up?
Did you make a sale over at St. Nicholas?
Yes. Is something wrong?
That school was one of my clients
and you knew it.
Who is your contact?
A friend. He's a teacher there.
We've been talking about it for ages.
-Why did you--
-Chit.
You were too slow.
Chit, Somboon wants to see you right away.
It's okay, Am.
Have a seat.
Your documents…
I don’t understand
why your sales have been
dropping for the past three months,
whereas everyone else
seems to be doing better.
I’m trying, sir.
Trying? Is this what you call trying?
I think you misunderstand
the meaning of "trying".
Take Prame, for example.
That’s called trying.
Excuse me, Mr. Somboon.
The system is setup now. I need
to try to and access it from outside.
Do you know what’s happening next month?
We’re using our computer network?
That’s right. We’re going online.
There are many benefits to this system.
It will let us work
more efficiently and effectively.
Most importantly,
it will lower our overheads,
particularly those
that don’t generate profit.
I really don’t want to do this to you.
This resignation letter
will give you the opportunity
to apply elsewhere
without getting a bad reference from us.
DUNNING LETTER
Thank you, Tong.
Sorry.
Hello, Mom.
Chit.
What is it, Mom?
Do you have 8000 Baht I could borrow?
Fai needs it for her school registration.
But I just sent you some money, Mom.
She used it to buy a new phone.
If she fails to register today,
she will not be able to study this year.
Okay, Mom, I’ll transfer the money.
Thank you, son.
I wont ask for anymore.
I’m so sorry.
As soon as your dad returns,
I'll pay you back.
It’s alright, Mom.
I still have some savings.
I'll transfer it to you.
If there isn’t anything else,
I’d better get back to work. Bye, Mom.
Hello?
Hello, Mr. Phuchit Puengnathong.
Congratulations,
you have opportunity to win
a fantastic prize in our game show,
We are giving away
the biggest cash prize in the world!
Who are you? This isn’t funny.
We’ve selected you
and other candidates in desperate need,
each with their own problems in work,
money, family,
even love.
Who are you?
Nik?
Is that you, Ceen?
All your problems can be resolved
with one easy fix.
Money, right?
If you don’t tell me
who the hell you are, I’ll hang up.
We are here to help you
solve your problems
with our cash prizes.
Don’t you want to listen
to what we have to offer?
Are you sure
you didn’t dial the wrong number?
Phuchit Puengnathong. Age 32.
Born in Chonburi.
You have a Bachelors degree
in business administration,
majoring in commerce and accounting
from Sriburaphaa University.
You're currently unemployed.
Because you were just fired
from Sahamongkol Music.
Your financial situation at present
-is a debt of 50,000 Baht to Easy Buy.
-That's me.
And you owe 30,000 Baht
on your credit card.
Who are you? How do you know this?
Before you get to know me,
tell me, aren't you annoyed
by that fly buzzing around you?
Yes.
Now, look behind you.
Look.
You will see a newspaper.
If you can kill the fly
with the newspaper,
you will receive a cash prize
of 10,000 Baht instantly.
But if you fail,
our game show
will never contact you again.
Go for it. We wish you luck.
Hello.
How was the first challenge?
How do you feel?
I feel like I need to know who you are.
Before that,
let’s play another game.
If you succeed,
you'll have 50,000 Baht.
Let's do it.
This challenge
isn’t any harder than the first.
Right now you are holding the fly
in your left hand, right?
Yes.
Well, here’s the challenge.
We would like you
to swallow that dead fly.
If you do this, 50,000 Baht in cash
will be yours instantly.
Do your best.
Bastard.
AVAILABLE BALANCE 319.50 BAHT
Hey Tong, what's up?
Um, can I have my cigarettes back?
What did you just put in your mouth?
Licorice.
Licorice?
Hey, Chit.
Celebrating your unemployment?
Hello?
Congratulations,
you’ve passed the second challenge.
100 million Baht is within your grasp.
100 million?
That confused the hell out of your office.
Yes, that's right.
100 million Baht can be yours
if you pass all 13 challenges.
You've already passed two,
so there are only 11 more to go.
Please listen carefully to our guidelines.
There are 11 more challenges
for you to try.
Each time you succeed,
cash prizes, which will grow in value,
will be automatically deposited
into your account.
Upon completing the final challenge,
you will receive 100 million Baht.
If you fail to complete a challenge,
the game will end
and all the money will be withdrawn
from your account.
All of it?
Yes, but there are three more ways
to stop the game.
One. If you tell us to stop the game,
we will.
Two. If someone finds out
that you are playing this game,
it will automatically end.
This game is confidential
between you and us.
Three. If you try to contact us
or find out the origin of this game,
it will automatically end,
Everything will be revealed to you
at the appropriate time.
If you understand these rules,
then please make your decision.
Please press 1 to register your entry,
or press 2 to stop the game.
Please wait a moment.
Hello, welcome to the game.
A cash prize of 100 million Baht
is within your reach,
but only if you complete
the 11 challenges that await you.
We will give you
all the moral support you’ll need.
You’ll need to leave this place
for the next challenge.
If you have any parting words
for your colleagues, please do it now.
We’ll see you outside in a moment.
IN LOVE TO THE DREAMS…
Okay. Okay. See you in ten minutes.
Hello?
Listen up.
You should be able
to see loads of children.
Our challenge is very simple.
Just make at least three children cry.
If you succeed
you'll receive 100,000 Baht.
Give it a go.
I'm sorry.
Look at the kids. They're just playing.
Let it go.
What are you doing?
Stop it!
ENTRANCE
-Teacher, hurry!
-That's the guy! Get him!
Stop him. Don't let him escape…
-Yes…
-He tortured the kids.
Hurry. Run after him!
What kind of security guard are you?
Oh, God, help us!
-What the hell is this?
-Is it going to be okay, Sis?
Go arrest him.
Look, he hit me.
My parents don't even hit me.
I'll sue him
for assault, attempted murder,
or whatever costs him more money.
You have to arrest him.
Look, we have new regulations.
To make an arrest,
you must know who he is.
-I do.
-We need to know his full name.
He wears glasses and dresses like me.
Just ask these two.
Many people wear glasses. We need a name.
His name is Phuchit. He works with me.
-And his last name?
-Well, just Phuchit.
Last name. What was it?
Miss!
Miss. Miss!
I'm reporting a crime, so shut up!
We're reporting a crime, too.
-Officer, you must arrest him.
-He dresses just like that!
Officer, he dresses
just like that guy there.
Oh, my God! Yes, just like him.
-Is he going to hurt us?
-Are you crazy?
You're his brother, aren't you?
You no good son of a bitch!
Give me a gun.
If you cops can't settle this
then I will.
-That's slander, bitch!
-Listen to this crap.
-The guy's shirt was like his.
-He…
Officer, arrest him. Get my money back.
Now what?
Some guy just started kicking him
and stole his jar of money.
He resisted, so the guy just beat him.
Do you remember what he looked like?
Skinny with glasses.
I AM DEAF, BLIND AND MUTE
PLEASE BE KIND AND DONATE
He dresses like that guy over there.
Are you insane?
I knew it! He's a murderer.
Right.
There can't be
many shirts like that around.
You're all crazy.
I'll sue the lot of you!
Hello?
It is lunch time.
We would like to invite you out for lunch
and a shot at your 5th challenge.
The menu, please.
Hello. For your 5th challenge
you must finish
a special meal we've prepared.
What's this?
It’s your challenge.
Take all the time you need to finish it.
Then the cash prize of 500,000 Baht
will be transferred to your account.
We understand you may need some time,
but remember, you still have
eight more challenges ahead of you.
And if I refuse to eat it?
You know the game will terminate.
What are you waiting for?
You know what to do.
-You half-breed!
-Bastard!
Your mom is a whore.
Who the hell are you?
Tui? Jom, is that you?
If you ask that kind of question again,
you forfeit the game.
I advise you not to think about your past,
because this game is over.
You can force people
to eat far dirtier things.
Take a look at that woman over there.
Have you ever wanted to look at someone
the way she looks at you?
Mr. Somboon, you're a good person.
Even after all the headache I've caused,
you still bring me to a nice restaurant.
Waiter, what did that guy order?
Hello.
You did very well on the last challenge.
You now have 500,000 Baht.
How do you feel?
Just tell me what to do next.
Wow, you really don’t want to waste time.
But you'll need to trade your phone
for a riddle.
Then how will we keep in touch?
Listen to our assistant
and we will be able to stay in touch.
He's quite easy to find.
He’s at the bus stop.
There are lots of people
at the bus stop. How can I find him?
It’s not hard. He’ll be alone.
Hello? Hello?
You dare sit on my throne!
I'll have you killed!
I'm still cranky
after signing the divorce papers.
Hey! How dare you sit on my throne!
Soldiers, arrest this subject.
I have something to trade with you.
What the hell did you eat? You stink!
Soldiers! Arrest him!
Are you deaf?
Damn, lazy soldiers!
I'll do it myself.
Please wait, Your Royal Highness.
I have an offering from a distant land.
Oh, my God, this is…
Where did you find this?
Ebay.
Aha! The Lord Ebay has sent a gift.
Do you know what this is?
I do not, your highness.
It's a message from God!
God will contact us
through this holy messenger.
When 13.13 is here,
God will descend down to earth.
What are they all looking at?
13.13, God is coming.
What is 13.13?
13.13 is God.
He is coming on chariot number six
to bless the world's struggling people,
so they may eat and enter heaven.
But you will miss it,
because you can’t see God's chariot.
Only the righteous
will see the way to God.
Chit!
You stupid shit. God is waiting. Go!!
Hey! Chit!
Chit, wait up!
Yo, check this out. Damn!
He's got a fangirl.
Looks like no one's
getting on this bus anymore.
An original gangster right there.
Last night we were poppin' wheelies.
What's in there, bro?
Check it out, color screen!
Answer it.
Hello? Wrong number-- Hey!
Hey, this prick is looking for trouble.
Hey ! What the hell
do you think you're doing?
A tough guy, eh?
Do you know who we are?
Step up? Let's see what you're made of!
Get him!
Hey!
Hey! Who told you to stop?
Eat this!
Please, this phone
is very important to me.
I found this freaking phone first.
But it belongs to me, honestly.
I think he really needs it.
If you really want it,
bow to my feet. Then, I'll give it to you.
Go on.
That's all you had to do.
You're a freaking wuss.
Bitch!
It's on, dickhead!
Pull! Pull!
Pull me up! Come one!
Why the hell are you helping him?
What should we do now?
Hey!
Don't do it.
My God! What do we do?
Hey! What are you doing?
Ouch!
Is he still alive?
That's enough. Stop.
No! Stop it!
That's enough!
Leave him!
That's enough! Please, I'm begging you!
Don't kill him, please. It's not worth it.
Don't do it.
-Put down the knife, please.
-Spare him your mercy, please.
Hello.
Good job. You did it much better
than we expected.
You broke the record
for having the most viewers.
People are watching?
Of course.
This is a game show.
How could we not have an audience?
-I thought you said--
-Forget about that.
Let’s talk about your prize instead.
Currently, you have
800,000 Baht in your account.
You can check your balance with this phone
just as you did with your other phone.
For the next challenge,
you must walk for three bus stops.
The video clearly identifies the suspect
as Mr. Phuchit Puengnathong.
An employee of Sahamongkol Music,
who earlier injured one of his co-workers,
as well as a street beggar in the market.
This was most likely triggered
from high levels of stress
after being laid off from work.
In addition to financial debts,
which, caused him to go on a rampage.
For this case,
Pol. Col. Surachai Tantiweerakun,
the head of the investigation division,
a special division
of our national police force,
has personally taken over the manhunt
and is currently with us for an interview.
Hello, sir.
Hello.
Why have you taken
a special interest in this case?
In the past we've dealt with people
under similar circumstances.
Though this sounds like a trivial case,
in the interest of public safety,
the situation must be suppressed
before it escalates.
Do you feel that his condition
was triggered purely by stress,
or were other factors involved?
According to evidence
and witness testimony,
the suspect appears to be coherent.
So, I am positive
other factors are involved.
Can you elaborate more?
Not at this moment,
because we're still
in the middle of a ongoing investigation.
Is anyone there?
This is the condition of the house
before Chew started neglecting it
after his wife passed away four years ago.
Chew has refused to move out,
so his family abandoned him.
He gave this reason
when asked why he wouldn’t move.
I don’t want to move.
I built this house with my own hands.
I built it for them,
but they don't want to live here.
And on top of that,
they wanted to tear it down.
Chew built this house in 1955.
He continued to add
extensions to the house,
but the most unique feature
of the house is its indoor wishing well,
which he never let anyone cover,
for it would unbalance
the house’s sense of Feng Shui.
Just let it be.
Any house with a filled-in well
is damned. Didn’t you know that?
Chew struggles with paralysis
and other minor illnesses,
which are burdens to his everyday life.
I’d like a wheelchair.
And I want them to come
and check up on me once in awhile.
Even though life in the capital city
will continue to improve,
there will always be cases
of the elderly being neglected.
We don’t feel that this incident
is unique to Chew,
but we tell his story hoping that people
will take better care of their elders,
and not leave them in solitude.
This is the condition of the house
before Chew started neglecting it…
What the hell?
-You saw the TV, didn’t you?
-Yes.
I’m going to give you an opportunity
to do a good deed for a change.
A chance to help someone.
That person is Chew.
He's still inside this house.
What do I have to do?
Do you remember the well?
Yes.
I’m looking for it right now.
Excellent.
Chew is in the well.
You have ten minutes to help him out.
How long has Chew been in there?
A little over ten days.
Ten days?
And you knew he’d fallen in ten days ago?
Why didn’t you help him?
It’s not our business.
It’s the responsibility of his relatives
to care for him, isn’t it?
I guess.
-But--
-If you hurry he might still be alive.
You have ten minutes starting
from when you hang up the phone.
Help Chew from the well
and get the telephone number
from his shirt pocket.
Then call his relatives
to come pick him up.
If you succeed, a cash prize
of 1.2 million Baht will be yours.
Do you understand?
Okay.
If you understand, then start.
Uncle!
Stop creeping me out.
I’m trying to help you.
Then your relatives
can have a proper funeral for you,
and then you can rest in peace.
Hello. Who do you wish to speak to?
Hello, are you a relative of Chew’s?
Nope. I'm just his nephew.
Chew's fallen down the well. He's dead.
Come and pick up his body.
What was that?
Chew's fallen down the well. He's dead.
Who’s going to a water fall?
Who was that?
Muay, answer it!
I can’t, I doing my nails? You get it!
I'm playing a game. Can't you see?
Well, can't you see what I'm doing?
Aren't you a little too young
to be doing that?
Hurry up and get the phone, will you?
-You hurry up!
-Forget it!
What's wrong with you two?
Can't you hear the phone?
-Well, it's her--
-God, it's annoying.
He won't pick it up.
-Stop arguing, will you?
-Look, my fighter just died.
I don't you what your problems are.
What is so hard
about answering the damn phone?
You’re useless, both of you!
Hello, you’ve reached
the Chotisetianpaisarn residence.
Are you a relative of Chew's?
Not really, I'm just his son.
Your father fell down the well.
What did you say? I can’t hear you.
Your dad drowned in the well.
Please come and get his body.
Who? What? Who died?
Your god damn father
drowned in the freaking well!
No, your father died, asshole!
Dad… the well… Dead!
Dad!
Oh, my God!
Mommy!
Dad!
Mom!
How the hell did you get in here?
I heard about it on TV, so I stopped by.
Are you a burglar?
How dare you say that?
I’m here to help.
What kind of a family are you?
Didn't give a damn about your dad.
You left him to drown.
You've got some nerve!
The coroner’s almost here
and the police are on their way.
Hey, where the hell
do you think you’re going?
Stay and talk to the cops first,
Mr. Nice Guy.
Mr. Nice Guy?
Do you have any cigarettes?
Tong, you’re working over time?
Don’t work so hard.
Maew. Maew. Maew.
What!?
Oh, Chit.
Why are you walking away?
I’m sorry. I didn’t know it was you.
How are you?
I’m sorry, but I need to get going.
Maew, my mom says she misses you.
She wants both of us
to visit her during the holidays.
Phuchit, we’ve been through this.
We're finished.
We can start over.
Maew. I’ve changed.
I can buy a house now.
I can even buy you a car.
I can give you everything
you've ever wanted.
Chit, stop it.
I’ve heard this all before.
I’ve wasted enough time on you.
You should go home if you're drunk.
I'm not drunk. I'm telling the truth.
If you don’t believe me,
then take a look at my bank balance.
Chit,
even if you had
all the money in the world,
you still couldn't make me famous.
Maew.
Maew, I’ve been looking
everywhere for you. I'm so sorry.
Leave me alone. That hurts.
This is Phuchit, an acquaintance.
Phuhit, this is Chalerm, my boyfriend.
Maew, I’m sorry.
I won’t do this to you again.
Chalerm!
Come on?
That hurts.
I'm sorry. Please come back to me.
-You always say that.
-I'll do anything.
Hello.
100 million Baht is within your reach.
Now it's time
to engage your brain a little.
You’ll need a partner
for the next challenge.
Do you remember
the number of this challenge?
-Of course.
-Good.
Then just look for something in the area
that has the number eight
associated with it.
Then what?
Once you have found that number eight
on that particular person,
you must take the object with number eight
and knock them out with it.
Why didn’t you just tell me that
in the first place?
I'll be more then glad
to whack him with this chair.
Why didn't you just say that?
Well, that’s how the script was written.
Chalerm!
Stop! Phuchit, what are you doing?
Maew…
Chalerm! Chalerm!
That's it.
Maew, let me expla--
Take this! Here!
Why the hell
do you keep getting up? I’m tired.
-Maew, let me explain.
-Chalerm! Chalerm!
Chalerm!
Honey, don't die.
Please, get up.
Chalerm…
Please! Somebody please help us!
Chalerm, please don’t die, okay?
What are you going to do to him?
Chalerm… Chalerm…
VACANT
Please take this man to the hospital.
I don't think so. He’ll stain my seats.
Forget it.
He'll get blood all over my car.
Get the hell out, then!
Maew, get him in the car.
-Come out.
-What are you doing? Hey!
Why are you punching me?
Why did you punch me? Ouch!
Help! This asshole is hi-jacking my car.
Anybody! Help! He's taking my car.
The office is closing.
It's an orange taxi.
And what about the assailant?
He's a guy dressed like an office worker.
His clothes are filthy
and he's wearing glasses.
Okay, we are coordinating activities
with Pol. Col. Surachai Tantiwiirakul,
who is overseeing this case.
It's believed that this case
is related to an incident
that happened at 11am this morning.
Chalerm, you’ll be okay.
You asshole, why did you do that?
What if he dies? What will you do then?
Maew, show me some respect.
Why? Do you think
you’re some kind of saint?
Look what he did to you!
Am I supposed to ignore that he beats you?
I'm may be an asshole,
but did I ever beat you like he did?
Please help him.
Help him, please.
Chalerm, Chalerm.
We're here, Chalerm.
At this time we have new developments
in a case which is hitting the headlines.
Police are currently on the look-out
for Mr. Phuchit Puengnathong,
a member of staff at Sahamongkol Music.
Why are you doing this?
Congratulations.
You’ve made it to level nine.
This next level is a cinch.
You must find our assistant,
who is somewhere in this hospital and--
Look, this has gotten out of hand.
If you are caught, then the game is over.
If you are able to find our assistant,
not only will you have
an important tool for playing level ten,
but you will also receive 10 million Baht.
From here on, every three minutes,
we will send you a clue.
Hey, wait a minute. Wait.
How’s that?
If you’re ready then let’s get started,
to listen again, please press 1.
Spread out
and block the exits of the hospital.
Be careful, the suspect
may try to take patients hostage.
The first clue word is "eight". Press 1…
Hey! Quickly! Catch him!
Hey! Follow him!
Quick! Get him!
Hey! Stop!
Spread out
and search every inch of this place.
Let's go. You, come with me.
Nothing out of the ordinary here.
It-- It's a zombie!
The next clue word is "zero".
What the hell is going on?
We can never have
too many officers on this guy.
We won’t have enough police
for other cases, Surachai.
Aren't you overreacting a bit?
Sir, I’m positive
that the capture of Mr. Phuchit
will lead us to solving
a far more significant case.
Do you have evidence to back this up?
Of course, sir.
Fine. I'll give you some leeway.
-Hello?
-Your last clue word
-is "five". To listen again, press 1.
-Five?
Five. That’s it?
805. 805.
What happened?
Hey!
Don't be afraid. Just tell me everything.
Tell everyone to be ready.
The suspect has got to be nearby.
Sir.
Telephone, sir.
Yes, sir.
Hey, there. Where are you off to?
My nephew has come to pick me up.
Be careful,
there is a criminal on the loose.
Take good care of her, buddy?
Call off the search.
Yes, sir.
Tum, let me borrow your car.
Where are you going?
To look for a friend. I’ll be right back.
Okay, but be quick.
And watch out,
because your stupid dog got out.
Why didn't you go after him?
No. Mom says he's an animal.
He’s just looking for a mate.
He’ll be back when he’s done.
What are you looking at?
The car keys are over there.
It's not difficult.
Just do what the old woman wants.
That’s it.
No one else is going to get hurt, right?
Not at all. The old woman
is not the violent type.
Then it's dark, then it's blurry,
then it's bright.
Then it's bright.
Grandma.
Wow, the stars in the sky…
So where is this hut
you keep talking about?
…are so pretty.
Granny.
Why did you leave
the clothes out like this?
They're soaked from the rain.
The least you can do is
put them away before you leave.
I'm going to bash
your head in when I see you.
All wet!
Where did you run off to, Keaw?
Where are you tonight?
Come back, you little harlot!
Stop!
Stop, now!
Please! Don't!
Congratulations.
You passed challenge number ten.
You've won a bonus prize
of two return tickets
to any country you choose.
And a cash total of--
Are you even human, you little shit?
Chit!
What have you done?
How could you do this?
For money? Is that why you did it?
Chit, please stop. Turn yourself in.
What’s wrong with you? Talk to me?
We can go to the police
and explain everything.
They'll understand.
I know about this game
you’re playing. I can help you.
I can help you.
What's wrong with you?
How do you use this thing?
Chit, don’t answer it.
We’re so sorry, Chit.
The game ends here.
You have broken rule number two.
However,
we held a vote and our viewers
would like to see you continue.
We will give you another chance.
If you pass, you'll be allowed
to continue with challenges 12 and 13.
Don’t tell me…
To your right is the obstacle
that may bring your game to an end.
And in front of you…
Poi.
Come here, boy.
Amongst the corpses,
you will find a Samurai sword.
It’s yours now.
Solving the 11th challenge
is worth 40 million Baht.
Now you have a choice to make.
-Kill the woman…
-What are you doing? Don't do it!
to keep her
from interfering with your game.
Or two.
Kill her dog
as a warning,
so she'll keep her nose out of the game.
Choose wisely.
You'll be allowed to continue
regardless of your choice.
However, if you do not choose one,
the game will end here.
Do you know what that will make you?
A murderer!
-Poi, come here boy.
-Think it over.
-Make the right decision and you'll be…
-Poi…
…free and wealthy.
You are just three challenges away.
All right, when you’re ready,
then pick up the sword.
Poi, come here, boy.
Poi!
Poi, get over here!
Poi, get your ass over here!
Poi!
Bitch, get the hell out of here
and stop bothering me.
See. Your dog is dead
and it's because you got nosey.
You asshole! I will stop you.
I’ll make sure
you’re locked up for good, prick!
Hello?
That wasn’t a wise choice.
Why didn't you get rid of the problem?
Because I’m still human.
Are you sure?
You now have 40 million Baht.
And you’re about to add
another 50 million in level 12.
So, you're sure that
Mr. Chit was involved
in the clothesline incident?
Yes.
And what were you doing at the scene?
I went to where the website told me to go.
How can I put this?
The website was just a blank page.
WE CANNOT FIND URL DATA…
I typed in the address just as you did.
Then I googled Chit's name and everything,
but there's no such thing.
They must have moved the site.
Yes, sir.
The injured man at the scene has died.
That leaves you as the only witness
to testify that Phuchit was there.
There was an old woman. She--
The report doesn’t mention anyone else.
Is there anything else?
In that case, I’ll be on my way.
He's always accusing me.
He has something against me.
Tell the truth, now, old man!
When did you do it? Did anyone see it?
Tell the truth, Daeng!
How do you know it was me?
Because the damn thing
didn’t come from my village.
This filth is from your village.
I know you don't like me,
but you’ve got no right saying that.
Dom has had the damn thing since the WWII,
but who would do such a thing?
What's going on?
The folks from Daeng’s village.
They took a samurai sword
and slaughtered my cow.
If that weren’t enough,
they cut out her guts.
Damn psychos!
Yes, that's what they are.
And where is your home?
Sorry if the boys
were a little rough with you.
Please don’t be angry at me.
Tong.
You were the one who learned of us first,
so we naturally had to learn about you.
And before I go any further,
we must thank you
for revealing a weak point.
What’s all that?
As far as you know, it’s an online game.
A paid online reality game.
You must pay like everyone else
if you wish to join.
Don't just hack in!
You created this all on your own?
That’s right.
But this is only one of many games.
What do you mean?
If you want to know, just keep watching.
Who's that?
This has gone too far.
Do you know how many people
this game has hurt?
Of course.
Then why do you do it?
Don’t lose your cool.
It's just a game to all those who can win.
How can you screw with people’s lives?
It's not me.
Those who play this game
make their own choices.
That is against the law.
The law?
Don’t worry. We own the law.
Stop this right now!
I told you already. I can't.
Now, I'm just
a single component of the game.
VOTERS: 1393090 PEOPLE
TASK WILL FAIL: 34.7127%
WE'RE DOWN TO THE LAST CHALLENGE
What are you doing?
I had to put him to sleep. He had rabies.
What are you doing to him?
Why do we bother to keep him around?
Why did you want to
hurt your dad like that?
He beats you, Mom. He beats me.
I want to kill him.
Don’t think like that.
Why not? He’s never given you anything.
Why are you protecting him?
He's given me plenty, son.
Like what?
He gave me you.
It would destroy me if you turned bad.
Don't disappoint me, please.
To see you grow into a responsible adult,
would be the greatest thing in my life.
I can’t do it. I give up.
He didn’t lose. It’s you who lost.
Don’t think too much of it.
The world of reality
is behind me. Take a look.
People today hide behind morality.
It's just a big mask.
That's far scarier
than anything you've witnessed here.
Because we never know
when they'll drop their masks.
Maybe if it were you,
you might had done a better job than Chit.
You bastard!
Mr. Kie.
Let go of me!
You asshole!
You little shit!
You bastard!
Murderer!
I didn’t kill him.
We did it together.
Let me go!